ENH make CalibratedClassifierCV accept on fit_params (#18170)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  add this information to the plot.
  :pr:`21038` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

> - |Enhancement| `fit` method of
>   :class:`calibration.CalibratedClassifierCV` now supports passing
>   `fit_params`, which are routed to the `base_estimator`.
>   :pr:`18170` by :user:`Benjamin Bossan <BenjaminBossan>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| :meth:`calibration.CalibratedClassifierCV.fit` now supports passing
  `fit_params`, which are routed to the `base_estimator`.
  :pr:`18170` by :user:`Benjamin Bossan <BenjaminBossan>`.
```
